you got work to do you're going to go
out there and learn how to handle a mega
racer and it's three exciting modes
whatever they are also enjoy the
lifelike plastic scenery mega is three
no mega ace three now uh mega race three
mega race three of course
so mega race three is a racing game set
in the future or on another planet or
something like that and you know it's
the future because all evil dystopian
television announcers have hair like
rebellious teenage girls from the 90s
this is mega race three three times the
regular mega racing and keep in mind
that mega racing in itself is three
times regular racing so this game is
like nine times any racing you'll ever
see it is the ultimate racing game it's
mega racing so in star wars episode I
mean in mega race three you raise these
futuristic pod racers through a bunch of
horribly rendered worlds not only are
they horribly rendered they just look
like a hodgepodge of random crap slapped
together it's like you're racing through
what I'm assuming is an alien planet and
it's like what is this it's like you're
having an acid trip I wish I was at the
design meetings for these levels let's
just throw a bunch of different colors
all around and weird plants and floaty
ball creature things it's the future in
space
it's like futuristic and sci-fi things
shouldn't just be random nonsense
scribbled on a piece of paper they
should make a little sense anyway this
game handle is horribly like you're
gonna crash into every other wall when
you're turning but especially if you're
racing through narrow corridors oh my
god but you don't have to just race
forward you can also kind of race on the
walls and even on the ceiling you can do
kind of loop too
I of course do not recommend doing
anything except just straight out
vanilla racing do that as much as you
can because your racer will just flip
out and the game will become impossible
the camera is still shaking you don't
know what's happening you don't know
which way you're going you don't know
where the other racers are you
completely lose all perception your race
pod just kind of spazzes out and becomes
like a newborn kitten you're blind
you're disoriented you don't know where
you are what's happening and what
anything is oh and here's a tip you
won't be able to follow because the
controls and physics are broken don't
fly off the tracks
there was this one place where I flew
off the track while going up a ramp and
the game placed me right back on the tip
of the ramp the game gave me absolutely
no space where I can pick up some speed
and actually jump onto the next platform
so obviously I fell right back off the
ramp and guess what it placed me on the
tip of the ramp again and again and
again I literally had to turn my
podracer around
drive backwards stop turn around and
drive forward so I could have some speed
this is like bad programming 101 no it's
like
remedial programming it's like ESL
programming this is elementary level
programming here come on the control is
mixed with this games bad physics and
camera makes this game almost unbearable
when you try to do any kind of fun
stunts this games controls and physics
just betray you when you try to do
something fun like driving on the walls
and the ceiling doing loop-de-loops if
you want to have any success in this
game you just drive forward and when you
do that it is just the most boring
vanilla racing I've ever seen
any racing strategy in this game is just
an across-the-board lose-lose situation
and that evil Damien Killian television
host does colour commentary for your
races but really all he does is a
combination of mocking you and doing a
horrible open mike night stand-up comedy
routine meaning
you need me
I am Lance Boyle and you are about to
experience the end of all life but no
how if I press this button right here
nothing will never be real again I've
seen you before
you're that asshole on TV the announcer
shouldn't be mocking me
he should be mocking the physics and
controls of this travesty and it's not
like the announcer has anything
interesting to say during gameplay most
of the time he's just on this awful loop
of a few dozen catchphrases maybe even
less after about 20 minutes of playing I
wanted to rip my eyelids out with pliers
and stick them into my ears in the hopes
of buffering the noise from his speech
cut out the garbage and make you watch
it yeah kidding what I really said was
eat it you're completely into television
where nobody dies unless I say so
I don't do requests the physics in this
game really are just unbelievably bad
and everything is just shaky and weird I
don't know if it's the frame rate I
don't know if the game is just naturally
jerky that just looks horrible when
you're racing and it feels bad too it's
like they had enough money and sense to
hire this actor to do announcing and
color commentary for your racing but
they never thought about putting some
money into making the racing in this
racing game actually playable I mean
that would be agenda number one on my
list step 1 make our racing physics good
step 2 make the controls good step 3
make sure the environments don't look
like random sci-fi vomit this is
definitely a contender for the worst
racing game ever made it's one of those
games where this review should just be
like 10 seconds of gameplay and then me
going what the fuck
just picture wipeout - the good controls
and decent physics and you have mega
race 3 this is not a game I'd recommend
thanks for watching goodbye my friends
Louise that sickos go
here